Document MatchOnMetadata (#7181)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/msbuild/item-element-msbuild.md

|`Exclude`|Optional attribute.<br /><br /> The file or wildcard to exclude from the list of items.|
|`Condition`|Optional attribute.<br /><br /> The condition to be evaluated. For more information, see [Conditions](../msbuild/msbuild-conditions.md).|
|`Remove`|Optional attribute.<br /><br /> The file or wildcard to remove from the list of items.<br /><br />|

> |`MatchOnMetadata`|Optional attribute.<br /><br /> Modifies `Remove` attributes that reference other items to match on the specified metadata names instead of matching on the referenced items' values. <br /><br />  This attribute is valid only if it's specified together with a `Remove` attribute that only contains references to other items (e.g. `Remove="@(Compile);@(Content)"`). More details in [Items](../msbuild/msbuild-items.md).

Author: ```suggestion
|`MatchOnMetadata`|Optional attribute.<br /><br /> Modifies `Remove` attributes that reference other items to match on the specified metadata names instead of matching on the referenced items' values. <br /><br /> This attribute is valid only if it's specified together with a `Remove` attribute that only contains references to other items (for example, `Remove="@(Compile);@(Content)"`). More details in [Items](../msbuild/msbuild-items.md).
```
